Goodness,
I made a terrible mess.
[SATOKO hums]
Your timing couldn't
be better, Rika.
[SATOKO]
I'll be right there!
Please just give me a moment.
I came here
to escort you, ni‐pah!
Wonderful, I'm all ready.
Now let's go and
celebrate Watanagashi!
[RIKA]
Is your house still dirty?
We've got some time.
I can help clean up
a bit if you want!
[SATOKO]
Oh, no, that won't be necessary.
My room is a bit of a mess,
but it's not that bad.
[SATOKO] Please excuse
the delay, everyone!
[RENA]
Satoko!
Coach said you were scheduled
for a check‐up at the clinic,
but he told me
you skipped out on it.
Are you okay?
Yeah, right now
I'm the best I've ever been!
I get it!
It's 'cause you were too
scared to spend a whole night
in the clinic by
yourself, isn't it?
Satoko has had a hard time
falling asleep in a bed
without me for as long
as I've known her.
Awoo! I need to hear details!
Details!
Hear the details, huh?
[SATOKO]
Hold it right there!
I'm not sure exactly
what you take me for,
but I don't like your tone!
[laughter]
[RENA] Honestly,
I was beginning to wonder
if we would ever get the chance
to all laugh together
like this again.
So was I, but we
all pulled through.
As a team.
[RENA]
Mm.
[MION]
Now!
Since Kei and Shion
are here with us,
time for the Watanagashi
Six Demon Battle Royale!
You're sure you're
ready for that?
You shouldn't underestimate me.
No idea what we're doing,
but I'm doing it!
[MION]
The rules are simple.
Whoever has the best time
tonight is the winner!
Sound good, everyone?
[RIKA]
Yeah!
[KEIICHI] Wonder who's
gonna take first place.
[SATOKO]
Me, of course.
[RIKA]
Hanyuu.
You can no longer
travel this road with me.
Or witness the happiness
on display tonight.
But still, in the
depths of my heart,
I want to say "Look,
look at what we did."
Against all odds, we won.
We've managed to change
our tragic future once again.
♪
[RIKA] You don't need
to worry anymore, Hanyuu.
Because we've done it.
We've escaped this dead end.
We can create our own miracles
and cut ourselves free of fate!
[KEIICHI]
Huh?
Satoko?
The dance is just starting.
Heh. Satoko, you
sly little devil, you.
[KEIICHI]
So, why'd we come up here?
[SATOKO]
Rika told me everything.
She told me how hard
you've been working
to try and help me get
away from my uncle.
[KEIICHI]
Well of course I did.
That's what friends do, right?
[SATOKO] And I'm so grateful
for all you've done for me.
Which is why,
I feel a little guilty
asking for one more thing.
You can say no.
But could I please call you
"Nii‐Nii" from now on?
Huh? But that's...
[SATOKO]
Do you not like "Nii‐Nii"?
[KEIICHI] No. I don't mind,
but I thought...
Okay, then that
settles it! Nii‐Nii!
My Nii‐Nii.
Yeah. I'm right here.
And I also have something
I'd really like to give you.
It's something that
was very important
to my Nii‐Nii when
he was still with me.
But starting today you're
going to be my Nii‐Nii.
So, I think that you should
have it, okay, Keiichi?
[KEIICHI]
If you really think so.
[SATOKO] I'd be so
embarrassed if this got out.
Can we leave
before we're missed?
[OOISHI]
Screw it!
Damn neck.
Why does it have to be so itchy?
Itchy, itchy, itchy!
[gasps]
Huh?
[OOISHI]
Well, look at that.
What are you up to now,
Mr. Maebara?
I guess we'll see.
[SATOKO] Just try
to make yourself at home.
We're family now, which means
it's your house, too, Nii ‐Nii!
Hey, Satoko, your uncle's
still in jail, isn't he?
[SATOKO]
That's right.
Which means we
don't have to worry
about him bothering us.
It's just you and me here now.
[KEIICHI] So, what was it
you wanted to give me, anyway?
I'll be right back,
so you can wait for me here.
[KEIICHI]
Okay.
Let's see. Where's the light?
Rika.
[SATOKO]
This is the end of your miracle.
Say goodbye to happiness...
[SATOKO]
...and hello to despair.
[screams]
[laughs]
I'll leave the rest
to you, Detective.
I hope you're ready.
[SATOKO]
No!
[gasps]
[OOISHI]
Ms. Hojo!
What happened to you?
That blood,
it's not yours, is it?
[cries]
Listen, I saw you with Maebara.
Is he still here somewhere?
What about your uncle?
I don't have time for this!
[SATOKO sobs]
Huh?!
What? My god.
[SATOKO]
Keiichi did this.
He said something
about the curse.
What's that about the curse?
Is that the reason he went
and attacked Teppei?
Because your uncle has become
an enemy of the village?
If you're trying to protect him,
then you're just as guilty!
Won't this damn itching stop?
He came to me
when I was watching
Rika's ceremonial dance.
Huh?
Out of nowhere, Keiichi just
grabbed onto my hand
and started dragging me
away from the shrine.
He seemed desperate and said
we needed to go
to my house and talk.
Keiichi Maebara
invited himself here?
Over to the house where the man
he's been fighting
so hard against lives?
No, someone must
have told him to do it,
someone from Hinamizawa.
He was carrying out orders
for whoever is behind the curse.
[SATOKO] Once we got here,
he began screaming,
yelling crazy things
about being my Nii‐Nii,
then he grabbed the bat
from my brother's room.
Yes, the same brother
who went missing
because of the curse,
Satoshi Hojo!
Hah! My suspicions
were right this whole time.
It's all
connected‐‐it has to be!
Full of pure rage,
he viciously attacked
my uncle using the bat.
But then my uncle was able
to get it out of his hands.
And attacked.
I called out and
tried to stop them,
but my uncle was just
so angry at Keiichi
for getting Child Welfare
Services involved in our lives.
His temper took over,
and nothing I said
could get through to him.
Keiichi wouldn't
give up, either.
He kept fighting and fighting.
If I'd tried harder,
maybe it wouldn't
have ended like this.
Yeah, yeah, never mind
the self‐recrimination.
Tell me what else
Maebara had to say.
The curse!
What else did he say?
Wait a second.
When he was attacking my uncle,
he kept on repeating
over and over.
"This is the curse
of Lord Oyashiro!"
[chuckles]
Yes!
I knew they were behind this!
The culprits used our sweet
Mr. Maebara as their pawn.
They must've forced the poor boy
to carry out the curse this year
to prove his loyalty to them!
[chuckles]
Here is the solid,
undeniable evidence!
Old pal, after five long years,
I've found the connection
between Oyashiro's curse
and the murders in Hinamizawa.
My hard work is paying off.
Before long, I'll be able
to visit your grave
and reveal the truth
of what happened to you.
At last, this proof
will lead me straight
to whoever's responsible.
[chuckles]
Not just anybody could order
something like this done.
They would have
to have authority.
Think! Use your brain,
Kuraudo Ooishi.
There must be a clue somewhere.
I'm so happy for you.
But I wonder if
I might ask, Detective,
how your neck is feeling?
How's it feeling?
It's itchy, so damn itchy!
I was close to
figuring it all out, too.
The answer's right there!
I just need this goddamn
itching to stop, already!
I am terribly sorry.
You must be at the final stage.
Who was it?
Who gave the order to kill him?
Tell me!
An order?
Who would tell somebody
to do such an awful thing?
[gasps]
It can't be!
Keiichi mentioned
a name, but no...
She wouldn't...
What name did he say while
he carried out his attack?
You have to tell me.
It's the key to everything.
It was Rika.
She's who gave him the order.
Heh. Rika Furude.
Head of one of
the Three Families.
Yes, it makes sense now.
Of course, the Furude Shrine
would carry out the curse!
I've connected the dots and
the picture is coming clear.
I have proof of the crime
that's been committed.
All that's left to do
is carry out the sentence!
[SATOKO giggles]
Yes, go on.
Shatter Rika's heart into
tiny little pieces for me.
Lord Oyashiro's servant.
It doesn't look like Keiichi and
Satoko ever turned up, huh?
I'd probably better
make my way home too,
else Grandma's gonna force me
to talk with my relatives.
I think I'll go with you.
I can stay out in the
guest house for the night.
Huh? Oh! Rika's here!
Something wrong, dear?
Have you seen
Tomitake anywhere?
If you saw Takano,
then he may have
been somewhere close by.
Yeah, I just saw
the two of them.
They were out
in the parking lot.
Ooishi's here?
[OOISHI chuckles]
I finally found you.
Ms. Rika Furude!
[VILLAGER A]
Detective?
[VILLAGER B]
What the hell are you doing?
Why would you do this?
Rika!
[SHION]
What are you doing?
Now I finally
understand everything!
[VILLAGER A]
Hey, whatever this is about‐‐
[gunshot]
[EUA chuckles]
You are so marvelously
entertaining, children of man.
[MION] Detective! As heir
to the Sonozaki Family,
I'm ready to hear you out,
so please, let her go!
Huuuuh?
You can't!
[SHION]
Mion, grab Rika!
[OOISHI]
Stay the hell outta my way!
Leave her alone!
‐‐Shion!
‐‐Make it stop.
[OOISHI hysterically laughs]
[SATOKO]
My, it's getting quite lively.
[MION]
This can't be real.
Please stop, I'm begging you.
Shion! Mion!
[MION]
Rena. Take care of Kei for me!
No!
[RENA]
Rika! Please, stop!
[OOISHI]
Charade is over.
You can't hide
anymore, now confess!
Rika Furude!
[RENA]
Please! Take me instead!
[RIKA] I really thought we
did everything right this time,
so how did it end up like this?
[OOISHI]
What?
Speak clearly.
Do it.
I have nothing for you.
Say it!
The secrets of
the curse die with me,
and you'll die knowing nothing.
[OOISHI]
You're gonna tell me!
Tell me! Tell me! Tell me!
Tell me!
Tell me! Tell me!
Tell me! Tell me! Tell me!
Huh?
Satoko! Stay away!
You still haven't
finished, really?
For all your bark,
you're awfully lacking
in bite, Ooishi.
Huh?
What's this? Oh, I see now.
So, that was the
truth all along, huh?
Rika Furude isn't behind this.
She wasn't the culprit.
No! It was you!
Amazing. You finally got it.
Rika, dear?
Are you quite
thoroughly deceased?
It's no good if
you're still alive.
Then I can't go to the
next fragment with you.
Well, I suppose it's easy enough
to make sure you've
left this life.
There, now I can be
certain that you're dead.
But, Satoko...
What? Why? No!
I'm sorry, but I can't
let you escape just yet.
Until you accept your
happy future with me
in Hinamizawa.
I will never, ever
let you escape this fate
and that's for certain.
[gunshot]
[laughs]
Now, then.
Whatever will you do about this?
Whatever can you do,
pitiful failure,
when you cannot
view the fragments?
[RIKA] Next time:
"Kagurashi‐hen, Part 1."